add iso related options (#58)
githedgehog/docs: docs/install-upgrade/install.md

responsible for almost every configuration of the fabric with the exception of the wiring. Each 
command and subcommand have usage messages, simply supply the `-h` flag to your command or sub 
command to see the available options. For example `hhfab vlab -h` and `hhfab vlab gen -h`.

### HHFAB commands to make a bootable image

1. `hhfab init --wiring wiring-lab.yaml`
1. The `init` command generates a `fab.yaml` file, edit the `fab.yaml` file for your needs
    1. ensure the correct boot disk (e.g. `/dev/sda`) and control node NIC names are supplied
1. `hhfab validate`
1. `hhfab build --mode iso`
    1. There are two options for the format of the bootable media: ISO and USB. An ISO is best suited to use with IPMI based
       virtual media. The USB file is designed for writing to a removable USB drive. ISO is the default.

The installer for the fabric is generated in `$CWD/result/`. This installation image is named `control-1-install-usb.iso` and is 7.5 GB in size. Once the image is created, you can write it to a USB drive, or mount it via virtual media.

### Write USB Image to Disk

!!! warning ""
    This will erase data on the USB disk.

> ### Steps for Linux

Reviewer: I meant to comment on that yesterday but it seems it got lost, I probably failed to add the comment to my review before validating it. So:

Do you know whether MkDocs support tabs, something like [in this example](https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/gettingstarted/k8s-install-default/#install-the-cilium-cli) (but this is using Sphinx)? Would be nice to use here. Not blocking for this PR, though.

Author: https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/content-tabs/#linked-content-tabs
something like this seems to be possible.

1. The `init` command generates a `fab.yaml` file, edit the `fab.yaml` file for your needs
    1. ensure the correct boot disk (e.g. `/dev/sda`) and control node NIC names are supplied
1. `hhfab validate`
1. `hhfab build --mode iso`

>     1. There are two options for the format of the bootable media. ISO and IMG. An ISO is best suited to use with IPMI based virtual media. The img file is designed for writing to a removable USB drive.

Reviewer: Please indicate the default value for the option (if the user doesn't provide it) for clarity.

>     1. There are two options for the format of the bootable media. ISO and IMG. An ISO is best suited to use with IPMI based virtual media. The img file is designed for writing to a removable USB drive.

Reviewer 2: nit: please replace the dot with a colon, i.e. `bootable media: ISO and IMG.`

> The installer for the fabric is generated in `$CWD/result/`. This installation image is named `control-1-install-usb.iso` and is 7.5 GB in size. Once the image is created, you can write it to a USB drive, or mount it via virtual media.

Reviewer: Shouldn't you be using the `img` format for writing to USB?

Author: yes, yes you should.

Reviewer: What I meant is that the sentence says you generate a `.iso` file and then you can write it to a USB drive. It should probably only mention the virtual media mounting, _or_ stipulate that the image can also have a `.img` extension, and in the latter case it can be used with a USB drive.

### Configure Management Network

> The control node is dual-homed. It has a 10GbE interface that connects to the management network. The other link called `external` in the `fab.yaml` file is for the customer to access the control node via their building IT network. The management network is for the command and control of the switches that comprise the fabric. This management network can be a simple broadcast domain with layer 2 connectivity. The control node will run a DHCP and small http servers. The management network is not accessible to machines or devices not associated with the fabric. The following diagram illustrates 3 networks for the control node. A "Local IT"  network that is used for command and control or IPMI. The other network is exclusive to Hedgehog, the best solution is a dedicated network switch, but a private exclusive vlan is potentially workable.

Reviewer: Side note: Would be easier to review the changes on lines like this if you wrapped the lines. I prefer wrapping text for docs; your preferences might differ and that's OK, I don't think we have a convention for that.

Author: I have been experimenting with my editor to make this easier. What sent me down the path of one big line was the drudgery of having to "re-flow" text if I was editing and the location of the line breaks changed.

Reviewer: Maybe your editor has a feature to reflow text automatically, or at least with a simple command? Such as `gqap` for the whole paragraph in Vim.

Reflowing is not the perfect solution though, I don't like that it messes up the diff if you want to reflow after a small change in the paragraph. Overall, I still find it easier to work with shorter lines :shrug:

> The control node is dual-homed. It has a 10GbE interface that connects to the management network. The other link called `external` in the `fab.yaml` file is for the customer to access the control node via their building IT network. The management network is for the command and control of the switches that comprise the fabric. This management network can be a simple broadcast domain with layer 2 connectivity. The control node will run a DHCP and small http servers. The management network is not accessible to machines or devices not associated with the fabric. The following diagram illustrates 3 networks for the control node. A "Local IT"  network that is used for command and control or IPMI. The other network is exclusive to Hedgehog, the best solution is a dedicated network switch, but a private exclusive vlan is potentially workable.

Reviewer: > The other network is exclusive to Hedgehog

Hedgehog, the company? :innocent:

> The control node is dual-homed. It has a 10GbE interface that connects to the management network. The other link called `external` in the `fab.yaml` file is for the customer to access the control node via their building IT network. The management network is for the command and control of the switches that comprise the fabric. This management network can be a simple broadcast domain with layer 2 connectivity. The control node will run a DHCP and small http servers. The management network is not accessible to machines or devices not associated with the fabric. The following diagram illustrates 3 networks for the control node. A "Local IT"  network that is used for command and control or IPMI. The other network is exclusive to Hedgehog, the best solution is a dedicated network switch, but a private exclusive vlan is potentially workable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The control node is dual-homed. It has a 10GbE interface that connects to the management network. The other link called `external` in the `fab.yaml` file is for the customer to access the control node via their building IT network. The management network is for the command and control of the switches that comprise the fabric. This management network can be a simple broadcast domain with layer 2 connectivity. The control node runs a DHCP and small HTTP servers. The management network is not accessible to machines or devices not associated with the fabric.

The following diagram illustrates 3 networks for the control node. A "Local IT" network that is used for command and control or IPMI. The other network is exclusive to Hedgehog, the best solution is a dedicated network switch, but a private exclusive VLAN is potentially workable.
```

What's the “building IT” network? The explanation in the following part says “local”, should we keep “local” in the paragraph to avoid confusion?

What is “the best solution”? What problem does this solution address?

> The following diagram illustrates 3 networks for the control node.

What's the third one? I see the local network and the Hedgehog-exclusive network, am I missing something?

Reviewer 2: came here to comment the same thing, I also got confused by this paragraph

Author: I am going to remove the diagram. I don't think it is helping. Apologies for prematurely marking as resolved.

### Configure Management Network

The control node is dual-homed.  It has a 10GbE interface that connects to the management network 

> of the switches that comprise the fabric called `mangement` in the `fab.yam called `mangement` in the

Reviewer 2: some text got copied twice here and the monospace of fab.yaml is not closed, also below there's a double "for".

Below I attempted to rephrase it - by all means feel free to throw this away if you feel I'm getting too pedantic, but years of papers review in academia will do things to you 😅 

```
The control node is dual-homed; the two networks it connects to are called respectively `management`
and `external` in the `fab.yaml` file.
The `management` network is for the command and control of the switches that comprise the fabric. It
can be a simple broadcast domain with layer 2 connectivity. The management network is not accessible
to machines or devices not associated with the fabric; it is a private, exclusive network. The control
node has a 10GbE interface that connects to the management network, and it runs a DHCP and a small http
server.
The `external` network on the other hand is for the customer to access the control node via their local
IT network. It is meant to give ssh access to the control node host operating system.
```

Author: It is good to hear the academic pedantry in stereo :smile: I welcome the feedback.

### Configure Management Network

The control node is dual-homed; the two networks it connects to are called respectively `management`
and `external` in the `fab.yaml` file.

> The `management` network is for the command and control of the switches that comprise the fabric. It
> can be a simple broadcast domain with layer 2 connectivity. The management network is not accessible
> to machines or devices not associated with the fabric; it is a private, exclusive network. The control
> node has a 10GbE interface that connects to the management network, and it runs a DHCP and a small http
> server.
> The `external` network on the other hand is for the customer to access the control node via their local
> IT network. It is meant to give ssh access to the control node host operating system.

Reviewer: - What's “command and control” (does it bring more precision than from simply “control”)?

- (I know you didn't add it but) What's the HTTP server for, and how does the related sentence connect to the previous one?

- Who is “the customer”? This is an open-source project, you probably mean “the user” :slightly_smiling_face:

```suggestion
The `management` network is for controlling the switches that comprise the fabric. It
can be a simple broadcast domain with layer 2 connectivity. The management network is
not accessible to machines or devices not associated with the fabric; it is a private,
exclusive network. The control node connects to the management network via a 10 GbE
interface. It runs a DHCP server, as well as a small HTTP server.

The `external` network allows the user to access the control node via their local
IT network. It provides SSH access to the host operating system on the control node.
```
